README.md, before:

# lexgui.js
JS library to create web graphical user interfaces

![Screenshot](https://github.com/jxarco/lexgui.js/blob/master/images/Screenshot.png)

TODO List:

- ~~Fix closed-by-default branch~~
- ~~Fix close branch when not last~~
- ~~Update Combo Theme~~
- ~~Update Checkbox Theme~~
- ~~Hide cursor when dragging resize bar~~
- ~~Color Widget~~
- ~~Branch separator~~
- ~~Title widget~~
- ~~Include fontAwesome Icons~~
- ~~Store initial value and Add reset value button for widgets~~
- ~~Vector Widgets~~
- ~~Add min-max to vector widgets~~
- ~~Create "Widget" class to implement different value getters~~
- ~~Addnumber/Slider widgets~~
- ~~Tabs widget (Blender)~~
- ~~Tree Widget~~
- ~~Filter Widgets bar~~
- ~~Menubar~~
- Add icons + mini-text (shortcut normally) to menubar entries
- Change resize bar to Godot one
- Fix scrollbar spaces in right sides
- Context Menus
- Dialogs
- Multiple widgets per row
- Load File widget
- Support horizontal tabs widget (i made vertical ones)
- Progression bar
- Timeline

Commit message:

icons and filter for tree widget

README.md, after:

# lexgui.js
JS library to create web graphical user interfaces

![Screenshot](https://github.com/jxarco/lexgui.js/blob/master/images/Screenshot.png)

TODO List:

- ~~Fix closed-by-default branch~~
- ~~Fix close branch when not last~~
- ~~Update Combo Theme~~
- ~~Update Checkbox Theme~~
- ~~Hide cursor when dragging resize bar~~
- ~~Color Widget~~
- ~~Branch separator~~
- ~~Title widget~~
- ~~Include fontAwesome Icons~~
- ~~Store initial value and Add reset value button for widgets~~
- ~~Vector Widgets~~
- ~~Add min-max to vector widgets~~
- ~~Create "Widget" class to implement different value getters~~
- ~~Addnumber/Slider widgets~~
- ~~Tabs widget (Blender)~~
- ~~Tree Widget~~
- ~~Filter Widgets bar~~
- ~~Menubar~~
- ~~Add icons buttons to tree title~~
- ~~Node filter in tree widget~~
- Add icons + mini-text (shortcut normally) to menubar entries
- Change resize bar to Godot one
- Fix scrollbar spaces in right sides
- Context Menus
- Dialogs
- Multiple widgets per row
- Load File widget
- Support horizontal tabs widget (i made vertical ones)
- Progression bar
- Timeline
